hello sexy people of the Internet i'm
doing a act 1 spoiler-free it just kind
of take on the first act enter being at
one I guess m-maybe excited for guns of
the Patriots so yeah i'm in i'm laying
for root I'm in South America at the
moment I've done the second I've done
the first act and it's in the first that
was great it kind of them introduce you
to it and got used to it and it got up
to a point it was fairly kind of like
what the hell's going on and then you
get am a few cutscenes where it really
kicks back into about your side to gear
and up to where I'm up to it has
actually start to explain quite a bit
and I'm already a lot more a lot of
loose ends which we like they're out in
the friggin jumping the shark territory
making absolutely no sense and now
actually like hey no you know this could
actually go somewhere actually end and
so that's great and like i said in the
comments of my last video friggin Ocelot
has a biggest walkie-talkie known to man
whereas little metal gear mark tues
going around which are like that big and
can like do all sorts of shit and he's
like got a massive truck on the side of
his head is like activate it it also the
PMC's do like little propaganda things
every now and again sound like an ice
cream truck I mean there's no way at it
it sounds like an ice cream shop I was
going through the Middle East and Sony's
like boom ding dong doomed and also some
of the things which like people for
kajima was just putting in there for
like quirky little choices the game is
actually making a kind of point of
pointing the mouse and I might actually
have some significant also at the end of
the first act when you're on the plane
you know the thing what you can go
a little robot explore the cutscene
there once again I'm going to say that
one of the magazine said you go on the
pain and discover well we'll let you
figure that out for yourself believe me
it is a fucking gem and has something to
do with a piece of news what was
released fairly recently about the game
that's all I'm going to say but as soon
as if you've been following the news of
the game as soon as it kind of does
you'll go oh shit no way is very good
this yeah so like little things been
changed from the cutscenes like the
frogs have now got like creepy little
glowing red eyes as well so they're not
just like visors their lives guy the
garbage scars in his face in rat patrol
they've redone his face but there's on
the trail is his face looked a bit
shitty it was a bit love it they've
redone that there's a cutscene or each
once again I'm not going to say I don't
need to keep reminding you but I'm just
I'm just right people click off your
Bush it's gonna talk about some it but
nervous the cutscene which I thought was
a glitch I really thought it was a
glitch I was like okay I'll shit what
the fuck is what's happened my game ah
balls but no that is meant to happen and
it was only when the characters they
actually acknowledged it I thought off
and fuck for that because I swear to God
I just for it was an enormous glitch and
also the live-action opening which had
been hyping up
all I can say about what the fuck it was
I mean I understand this multiple
apparently there is the most oh I mean
if anyone gets the same ending I I mean
say anything the same beginning I get
you will also go the fuck I mean but pmc
advert because you know who the sort of
en asus pmc Adler's in it was cool that
was pretty awesome but the rest what the
fuck that is just fucking weird it was
very strange and yeah well that's all
really that's the first act basically
it's kind of disadvantaged because it's
been so oversaturated by press that
you'll be going through it and basically
all it is the Middle East section is
cutscenes and voice clips you've heard
before linked together with some
gameplay sections you haven't and so
yeah it's pretty oversaturated by the
press and so you'll be going through
that and only some things will be news
to you and
but yeah the Peru Berman so far apart
from a few voice clips which are used in
trailers completely new and exciting and
very good content to just go soup well I
below you can't be sick that's just as
well I'm in Peru